#labels Featured
*NOTE:*

This is stub. It will grow step by step to become a complete user guide of GMapCatcher.

*_Please send all errors, enhancements and spelling mistakes (British English is used) as a comment to issue 118._*

Any comment may help to make it better.

<font size="5">*User guide for GMapCatcher 0.7*</font>

<font size="5">*Table of contents*</font> 

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

= Overview =

GMapCatcher is an online and offline map viewer. Currently the following map providers are supported:
  * !CloudMade
  * !OpenStreetMap
  * Google Map 
  * Yahoo
  * !InformationFreeway
  * !OpenCycleMap
  * Google Map Maker

Users can choose their preferred map and watch it while online. All viewed map section will be stored on disk and may be viewed offline. Additionally a downloading tool is provided which saves a user defined area to disk for offline viewing.

= User interface =

After starting the programme the GUI shows the map, a small size scroll bar on the left and a toolbar on top. By using the scroll bar the resolution/scale of the map can be changed. The toolbar offers the following actions and settings:
  * Main configuration button
  * Drop down menu for stored locations
  * Download configuration button
  * Check box to indicate working mode online or offline
  * Check box to indicate force update facility
  * Drop down menu for map type (map, terrain, sattelite) selection

= Keyboard shortcuts =

== General ==
|| *Shortcut Key* || *Description* ||
||  F4            ||  Import markers from KML file ||
||  F12           ||  Hide/unhide all buttons ||
||  F11           ||  Full screen   ||
||  ESC           ||  Undo F12 & F11 ||

<BR>
== Navigation (only after hiding buttons)==
|| *Shortcut Key* || *Description* ||
||  Arrow Keys    ||  Pan Left, Right, Up and Down ||
||  +             ||  Zoom in      ||
||  -             ||  Zoom out     ||
||  Page Up       ||  Pan wider Up ||
||  Page Down     ||  Pan wider Down ||
||  Home          ||  Pan wider Left ||
||  End           ||  Pan wider Rigth ||

<BR>
== GPS related (only when GPS is enabled)==
|| *Shortcut Key* || *Description* ||
||  Space         ||  Re center GPS cursor ||